Add section on anonymousId config option (#6475)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/apple/implementation.md

```
If you call this method with a valid URL parameter, a Segment `Deep Link Opened` track event triggers. 

> ## Configuration Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuration options
```

### anonymousIdGenerator

> To generate custom anonymousIds instead of relying on the ones created by Segment, you can use the following configuration option. Here's an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate custom anonymousIds instead of relying on the ones Segment creates, you can use the following configuration option:
```
